# November 05, 2024 Research Log
### General Notes
* Most of this morning was spent preparing for observing tonight and tomorrow night!
* I just got to the mountain and talked to Joe about some special stuff with the telescope tonight since it is the first time B&C Spec is being used since they re-aluminized the mirror. Here are some notes I jotted down from that:
  1) Adjust Secondary Focus
     a) Use the guide camera to focus
     b) Can use either the switch (plus the sensitivity dial) underneath the focus number on the TCS. OR, use the white paddle by the monitors on the table
  2) Filling Dewar when it is low on pressure
     a) Get one of the tall skinny nitrogen gas containers
     b) Connect the normal LN2 tank like normal
     c) Turn on the normal LN2 tank
     d) Connect the pressurized nitrogen gas tank to the normal LN2 tank
     e) Check and make sure the release valve is fully closed, this means turn it all the way CCW until it is pretty easy to turn. This is the knob that is just underneath the two pressure sensors on the tall skinny tank
     f) Turn the big knob on the very top of the nitrogen gas tank. Make sure the pressure dial on this tall skinny tank reads ~600-800 PSI
     g) Open the release valve by turning it CW until the pressure on the normal LN2 tank reads 5-6 PSI
     h) Once the tank is done filling, close the large knob on the top of the nitrogen gas tank, then fully open the pressure dial on the same tank, then close off the connection point on the LN2 tank, then turn off the LN2 tank, then disconnect the nitrogen gas tank from the LN2 tank, finally disconnect the LN2 tank from the deward
  3) He said to be extra careful with the weather (humidity and wind) because the mirror needs to last another 3-4 years!
* Filled Dewar at 2:30pm, should fill again around 6-7pm
* While observing Collin and I helped get predicted flux densities based on the data we have reduced for GRB240825a. See plot below!


### Completed
* 

### Notes for the future
* 

### Any Leftover notes from yesterday
* 
