# November 19, 2024 Research Log
### General Notes
* On last part of galaxies homework
  * This part took forever but it's basically done, I just gotta answer the questions
* Met with Ed and Jacob about education stuff
  * Thursday we are having a mini hackathon to get some stuff started!
* Notes from OTTER meeting with Raf
  * Flux calibration is messy in X-ray
  * Different papers using the same data but arriving at different fluxes
  * Necessary parameters: time of observation, normalization for blackbody, normalization for power law, energy range of the fits, 
  * XMM has 3 telescopes on board, 
  * ASASSN-15oi (Aprajita's paper) is a good example of how bad the processing can be
	* Extensive x-ray data (XRT and XMM)
	* Both BB and powerlaw
	* Table A.2 has all the parameters needed to be recorded
  * Be very clear about if it is absorption corrected (could be time dependent), just like optical extinction correction
	* Can have multiple absorption corrections for each model parameter, in addition to being time-dependent
  * The energy band is very important!
  * Instrumental corrections are usually taken as given
	* Count rate already has the instrumental corrections
  * Use 1 keV when converting from count rate to F_nu. Unless converting for an SED use the integrated flux across the entire band
  * CANNOT go from flux back to a count rate, ever!
  * Although there is usually a single factor between flux and count rate
  * Watch out for 90% error bars! Instead of 1 sigma! 
  * Muryel's paper is a good standard to start with
* Started reading Corinna's GRB paper, it is very interesting so far!
* Started looking more into the Astrobites application process and brainstorming an outline

### Completed
* 

### Notes for the future
* Work on the astrobites statements!

### Any Leftover notes from yesterday
* 
