# December 17, 2024 Research Log
### General Notes
* Space Drafts #102 advertisements: Posted on the Bluesky and sent the all steward email (scary!!)
* Completed my department course evals
* OTTER Stuff
  * Got the otter web app up and running publicly using the NiceGUI on_air feature!
  * Improved the database security with 3 users now. Unfortunately, everytime I restart the otter database I will have to redefine all of these users
	1. root: Password protected user that has admin access everywhere
	2. vetting-user: Password protected user that has access to the vetting collection and can make modifications to it. Only has read access to the transients collection.
	3. user-guest: Only has read access to the transients collection. Not password protected.
  * Read up on X-ray data reduction to try to get a better idea of the stuff Raf was requesting to be stored in OTTER. I skimmed Ch. 4 and 5 in "Handbook of X-ray Astronomy" and read some of the sections in each of those chapters in more details.
	* It sounds like xspec is the commonly used NASA software, all of their models are defined here: https://heasarc.gsfc.nasa.gov/xanadu/xspec/manual/Models.html
	* The spectral models can have multiple components that are either added or multiplied together. 
	* Integrating under the spectral models in counts/s/cm^2/energy vs. energy space gives an energy/s/cm^2 (or erg/s/cm^2), this is why we need to assume the spectral model of the source!
	* These spectral models are only accounting for unabsorbed flux, just like at other wavelengths there can be flux absorbed by Hydrogen between us and the source. For example, Aprajita reports both an unabsorbed and absorbed flux in her paper on ASASSN-15oi. This "absorbed flux" can be treated like we treat optical extinction at UVOIR wavelengths.

### Completed
* Digging into OTTER DB security seems to be in a good state now!

### Notes for the future
* Sent this message to Kate and Sebastian summarizing my thoughts

Okay I've done a lot of digging into x-ray models and rereading Aprajita's paper on ASASSN-15oi and Evan Ridley's paper on AT2017bcc and reading parts of a book on X-ray astronomy because I realized I just had a fundamental lack of understanding about how the data is taken and reduced. Both of these papers use a multicomponent powerlaw and blackbody spectral fit.
I think the biggest thing I've learned is that since these x-ray models can have multiple components there can literally be infinite possibilities for the model used. This means that I don't think that there is necessarily any way for us to standardize between models without re-reducing the data completely from scratch. Since this is the case, I don't think we need too much standardization in the xray_model keyword, instead we just need details present so astronomers who care about the nitty gritty details can go back and dig up the details. I think this means that we should define the xray_model keyword as follows:
photometry : {
	  [
		obs_type: xray,
		raw: [...],
		raw_err: [...],
		raw_unit: "ct/s"
		err_details: [...],
        date: [...],
		value: [...],
		value_err: [...],
		value_unit: "erg/s/cm^2",
		xray_model: [
			{
				model_name: "", # preferably the xspec model name
				param_names: [],
				param_values: [],
                param_value_upper_err: [],
                param_value_lower_err: [],
				param_descriptions: [],
				model_url: "" # An optional model url 
			}, ...
		]
		
	  ]
  } 
Where there is one xray_model per date/observation time since these models can be time dependent. The model name is completely arbitrary, in Aprajita's case it could be something like "pow+blackbody" whereas in the case of Evans it could be "powerlaw+bb". It is essentially just there to give people an initial hint at the type of model. The param_*  keywords will differ depending on the model but will always be the same length as eachother. In the case of a powerlaw + blackbody model the param_names would be something like [Gamma_X, F_PL, kT_BB, F_BB, R_BB] , using the parameter names from Aprajita's paper. If instead a paper only uses a power law model, the param_names would be [Gamma_X, F]. Because of the param_descriptions keyword, these could be different depending on the paper. I've made the error upper and lower limits since it seems like these fits are almost always Bayesian. Finally, the model_url  should either be a doi link or a url to e.g. the xspec docs on the model (or whatever other software).
Okay sorry this was a massive message but it kinda sums up my thoughts. I know we have been trying to avoid this type of parameter where it's extremely flexible and arbitrary but it's the best solution I've come up with to provide the necessary information about the essentially infinitely possible xray models. This definitely will not be easy to programmatically apply to data but will at least provide necessary information to people who query OTTER.
Thoughts on all of this? I wanted to get opinions and try to solidify something before taking the time to start using this schema.

### Any Leftover notes from yesterday
* 
